the Book of Psalms Psalm 1 blessed is
the man who walks not in the counsel of
the ungodly nor stands in the path of
sinners nor sits in the seat of the
scornful but his delight is in the law
of the Lord in his law he meditates day
and night he shall be like a tree
planted by the rivers of water that
brings forth its fruit in its season
whose leaf also shall not wither and
whatever he does shall prosper
Yeun godly are not so but I like the
chaff which the wind drives away
therefore the ungodly shall not stand in
the judgment nor sinners in the
congregation of the righteous for the
Lord knows the way of the righteous but
the way of the ungodly Shall Perish
[Music]